Hello everyone, I'm bringing you some recipes
of delicious oatmeal bananas
the ingredients that we need are a
cup of wheat flour 2 cups of flakes
oatmeal a teaspoon of cinnamon half
teaspoon baking soda
half a teaspoon of salt and half a cup of
sugar this for the dry ingredients
for the wet ones we need two bananas
or medium-size bananas chopped
teaspoon vanilla essence a
quarter cup of sunflower oil
half cup of raisins fourth cup
of nuts or any other type of fruit
dry let's start first mixing
all the dry ingredients that's why
first we add the flour cup
wheat then the two cups of the flakes
of oatmeal then we're going to add a
teaspoon of cinnamon
for these measures you can use the
typical meter for example that I'm
using now is the ikea but this what
you get anywhere if you do not
you can find a table of equivalences
that there's a lot of good on the internet
we have added the teaspoon of
cinnamon we are now adding half
teaspoon of baking soda and
half a teaspoon of salt the bicarbonate
of sodium you can replace it with the
Baking powder or baking powder
which is also called is the same is
just to gasify a bit the
mass then we add half a cup of sugar
You can also add a little more
depending on how you like the banana
it's pretty sweet then it does not
you need to add a lot of sugar you can go
trying good now we go with the
wet ingredients
What we do is peel the two bananas
and step on them to make it easier to
handle them once stepped on let's add
a teaspoon of vanilla essence
this gives a lot of flavor but if you do not have
at home
you can not throw him
then we add a fourth cup of oil
of sunflower half a cup of raisins or
any other product as I said before
they can be chocolate chips and fourth
house of nuts or dried fruits
we mix everything well and add the
dry ingredients that we already had
mixed as you see right away
moistens the dough and is very easy in the
half a minute is all united
Now we preheat the oven to 175 180
degrees for 10 minutes and while
we are placing in the form of cookies the
you can put it in a fountain
butter or paper towels as
you see that I am using myself so that
they're going to cook
for 15 minutes to get some
soft cookies not too hard and during
20 minutes if we want more
crunchy and we want them to spread
milk I hope you like the truth
that are delicious are very healthy
so I hope you do them and I
comment here thank you very much for
watch the video subscribe and I invite you
also have lived previous a
exquisite quark cheese cake many
Thank you